# Go API client for openapi

# API Rules
* Null values are not sent / received.
* Object IDs are **always** sent in list methods, but are **ignored** in create / update methods.
* All request and response objects are at the root of the returned structure, if they contain only one entity.
* Response of multiple entities is returned as an object that contains the list of entities and a structure `pager`, if necessary.
### Additional documentation:
* [Camera registration](../camera_registration/)
* [Camera communication](../camera_communication/)
### HTTP Status
* 200 - OK, response contains data (usually the entire entity)
* 201 - OK, entry created; response contains data as required
* 204 - OK, no response
* 304 - Response has not been modified
* 400 - Invalid request / invalid input (SDK error)
* 401 - Endpoint is being accessed without credentials (SDK error)
* 403 - Request can't be served, usually due to insufficient rights (user error)
* 404 - Entity not found (user error or outdated data)
* 409 - Conflict with the state of target resource (user error)
* 50x - Server side error

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.22.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.11.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import openapi "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `openapi.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `openapi.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `openapi.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `openapi.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8000*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CameraAPI* | [**CInfoPut**](docs/CameraAPI.md#cinfoput) | **Put** /c/info | Update camera attributes
*CameraAPI* | [**CSnapshotPut**](docs/CameraAPI.md#csnapshotput) | **Put** /c/snapshot | Upload snapshot to Connect
*CamerasAPI* | [**AppPrintersPrinterUuidCameraPost**](docs/CamerasAPI.md#appprintersprinteruuidcamerapost) | **Post** /app/printers/{printer_uuid}/camera | Register camera to Connect by user.


## Documentation For Models

 - [CameraConfig](docs/CameraConfig.md)
 - [CameraOptions](docs/CameraOptions.md)
 - [CameraOrigin](docs/CameraOrigin.md)
 - [CameraRequest](docs/CameraRequest.md)
 - [CameraResolution](docs/CameraResolution.md)
 - [CameraResponse](docs/CameraResponse.md)
 - [NetworkInfo](docs/NetworkInfo.md)
 - [Status](docs/Status.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### Token

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Token
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: Token and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		openapi.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]openapi.APIKey{
			"Token": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

### Fingerprint

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Fingerprint
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: Fingerprint and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		openapi.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]openapi.APIKey{
			"Fingerprint": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

### Cookie

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: SESSID
- **Location**: 

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: Cookie and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		openapi.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]openapi.APIKey{
			"Cookie": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



